We're now going to dive into a cascaded controller.
It's effectively a nested dual controller where there's
an inner loop controller and an outer loop controller. Take this drone.
At the very basics,
you might want to control roll and pitch.
Perhaps, to have an enclosement or perhaps to affect your position.
That itself is a controller because it has to
make sure that we don't overshoot in our desired angle.
But where does it come from?
It comes from a higher level controller that
uses roll as a way to get to a certain location.
So you want to build a drone that goes from A to B in a physical realistic way,
you need to cascade two controllers,
one that controls the physical location through volume pitch,
and one really for actually getting to the right volume pitch.